[CUBRIDMAN-185] Change max/min/default value of vacuum_ovfp_check_duration (#447)
CUBRID/cubrid-manual: en/admin/config.rst

**vacuum_ovfp_check_duration**

>  **vacuum_ovfp_check_duration** sets the period to keep the information collected by the **vacuum_ovfp_check_threshold**. Information that has not been updated within the setting period is deleted. The unit of the input value is minutes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**vacuum_ovfp_check_duration** specifies the duration for which data related to the count of index overflow pages, gathered by vacuum threads, is retained. Data that remains unchanged within the specified duration will be automatically removed. The value of **vacuum_ovfp_check_duration** is measured in minutes.
```

**vacuum_ovfp_check_threshold** is not responsible for collecting data related to index overflow pages, and the value itself also doesn't impact the data collection process. As far as I know, such data is collected by vacuum threads based on the value defined by vacuum_ovfp_check_threshold. Instead of specifying the **vacuum_ovfp_check_threshold**, I recommend specifying who performs the data collection process (the vacuum threads) and providing a detailed description in the proper section about the process. then refering to a link to that description for better clarity.

Reviewer: I'm sorry for not having written this review in the previous PR.

Author: Thank you for your careful review.

> **vacuum_ovfp_check_duration** specifies the duration for which data related to the count of index overflow pages, gathered by vacuum threads, is retained. Data that remains unchanged within the specified duration will be automatically removed. The value of **vacuum_ovfp_check_duration** is measured in minutes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**vacuum_ovfp_check_duration** specifies the duration for which data related to the count of index overflow pages, gathered by vacuum threads, is retained. Data that remains unchanged within the specified duration will be automatically removed. The unit of it's value is minutes.
```

Author: Thank you.
